the phrase who was like that at first
I have five if in the girl have passed and
Speak like that, do not look, girl.
I miss you and I'm finally here
to record the last video of the
because whoever accompanies me here on the channel and
there blog knows that I was challenged
by the company to do the
treatment for three months and show
to you what happened every month and
this is our video were I think 5 or
6 to 6 I showed step by step how everything
happened to you and today is the day of
reveal the results of telling
You all I know how it was and I
I already know that who is doing
treatment at home I went out to
confirm that the business ran
first video that actually was not
was not so official of the ranking to have
plus it was the starting foot tip for everything there
four months ago
ie do four months when the
then three months and even taking medicine
then four months ago I recorded a
video with two friends
mano and sâmia who accompanies the blog knows
that I do thinking that they do not speak
taking care of the hair but I start the radio
We are here again on the beach.
contribution you want everything - it's in the
lounge and in the video we've also talked
about the care that people take
needed to have a little this year because
hair is detonated at this time and in this
video as he talked about this problem and
What happens after 20 days about 15 more
or less I surprised myself with a
package arriving in my house the product
is this here is the high inter is the shampoo and
one pill they sent me is
tablets is equivalent to one
three-month treatment , which is the
minimum treatment for
5 the result so dem-pa in the face né
and then I received those products I recorded
a video saying jeff thanks to the internet
the ru
I received these products here and I feel
challenged
I threw the hashtag together for a hair
Say is very passage way
also entered is accompanying me at
treatment and I started taking the
and there in that video I spoke what were
it was bad to smell him for my
surprise despite being a type of
treatment is a very good scent I
I like it it is not a cleaning shampoo
it is not a conventional shampoo it is a
treatment shampoo so do not delude yourself
that he will not get over foaming that he
will not wipe the scalp he does not
That's good for a couple of days later.
I also invited him there again.
to talk because that's how it is
I did a video talking that I had
received the product already placed in the group
I've found the girls know
solution then they used are using
along with me too, and then I brought
fair
that three different opinions because
are thinking that you have an idea
best of how it really works
now it's if I'm not mistaken it was blood
who said that she felt a lot of difference in
The area then does not have much but much more
beautiful girls now raise
they are short of the later account
cut daycare at break of 15 days
I was already feeling my nails
different and mano also commented on
fringe of her that was amazing young
put this video before and
after the first video was played
was above the eye and in the second video
that they recorded here with us already
was under the eye in a month
rafa remembers that she was refugee in
letter of drug testing is already going
well please put the young scene
first video the shortest fringe was
at home saw the move and it was not much
thing to do when postponing vote
test point
I invited two people two
specialists who know much more than
Because I 'm obvious, I'm talking here to
You guys, what I think happened.
with me in each body reacts in a way
so I realize I 'm going to call you two
neutral people and not necessarily
they are taking a medicine but you know how
it works
and then I invited Michel the same owner
child lives natalie rodriquez of mine
nutritionist and we talked about
hair on the body at last on the nail
the right choice of product causes
you've done and the choice of
the treatment you are going to do is
Neo chemist is very important so
that the professional has part of
responsibility and the customer at home
the inter-agency function was to
inside out
we even mentioned how important it is
supplementation in this case is not my
complement and cream and commented on the fact
that's the one that you focus on feeding
Healthy people are very easy food
lost nutrients
she commented that a plant when she
fall of the foot she already started to lose
nutrients
obvious that it is extremely
it is important that you focus on the
healthy eating and take plenty of
water and then walking a little bit more
we went to the last video we recorded
what was invited to super special
I interviewed kring that she works
inside will understand that it brings together all
doubts that we had all that she
answered all of us I have with the
her audios here her balance has
seizure type effects so you
get seasick because she 's a reader
commented on the blog that she was getting
of wheels
they are so hard really hard sometimes
some people who really are
extremely sensitive to the ingestion of
any contributed costume she imagines
who will feel some discomfort and
I really felt that everything passed away.
everything all everything same
whoever is here on the channel knows that I
He was not under its also spoke on the blog
I could also be in instagram
I do not know if you can see there anymore.
I 'll ask Robinho to put a
photo some scene showing my streak
it's been very big since it struck me
I can not make arrays as big as it is
now that I told you guys
beginning of the videos that I would not paint
the market because I wanted people to
accompany its growth at the root
Because the tips are just like me
I'm blonde, my hair is all
these things are moving despite
be much stronger in the hair after
render more and I found that my root
would be a medium thermometer for us
So that's it, I'm going to ask the young lady.
I 've spoken so young here too
In this video, my god, an important person.
I'll talk in my ear when you hear it too.
important and dear, but not talking
seriously I will ask to put young here
some photos before and after I
I arrived at the instagram for you to see the
difference in lack that you feel the
Dad is not
Yeah
this is it I hope that anyone who has taken
will intervene with me that started
with me makes sense also all
difference that so I assure you
that really works because I took and
serginho I did the right treatment with
shampoo and the pills and today I am
here for you that the radius works
a kiss until the next challenges and this
was the first of many I hope not
I'm going to stop drinking, I'm taking it.
Any news and coming back to you.
A super kiss until next time and thank you.
who also participated in the challenge
races for hair